Gwenevere Abriel: James Johnson.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning, James. Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got, let's see. Let's check on technology, a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you able to hear me on time. Is there any delay.
TCL A501DL: Oh no, I'm able to hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is the video, have any delay.
TCL A501DL: I don't know. Yeah. The video has a little bit of a way
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm noticing it to, let's do a couple things just to set up this morning. Look around your room. See if you can build up.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little a little maybe stack of books or a little space where you can take a towel. Maybe tuck the phone on top of it someplace where it can rest and you'll be able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Sit and have it free. See what you may be a desk table, something that's set aside nightstand that you could build up. You can take your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I got to look for a document any way for us.
TCL A501DL: All right, of course.
TCL A501DL: Hey James Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've logged off twice. Was it intentional or accidental
TCL A501DL: Looking around my room for weird
Gwenevere Abriel: So in this in this whole time while you were looking you logged out twice. So the connection there is a challenge.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's keep
Gwenevere Abriel: stay on top of that and keep investigating how we can improve it. I don't remember that happening when we did the bio psychosocial. The first time we met.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now I can't hear you.
TCL A501DL: But it was because the first time.
TCL A501DL: My
TCL A501DL: I had data.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you using now.
TCL A501DL: My phone
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, but what service Wi Fi internet or data.
TCL A501DL: Data
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so how do you keep is it that you are running low on it that you don't have enough. What do you think's going on.
Hmm.
TCL A501DL: They don't have enough of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one way to kind of think about data is the same thing as maybe not having enough gas money to get to my office. Think of it like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a different. It's really a different kind of mindset. If you don't have enough gas money then we borrow a car then we make sure you get to the POS office. To do this, this session or we have to change the timing. So that is
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the third
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you just logged off a third time.
TCL A501DL: Yep. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just logged off a third time. So let's keep experimenting trying to give you an analogy to kind of understand the value of keeping the data on there. Do this for me. If, let's just do a little something different. Hit your stop video so that it's only on
Gwenevere Abriel: Audio and the bandwidth may expand a little bit, we might be able to to get through today while we're planning. How does
Gwenevere Abriel: The future services. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: If you absolutely had to use the POS computer. How could you pull that off.
TCL A501DL: Oh, I don't think I can. I'm not how not to use a computer because he has sensitive information on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, my understanding is, you did your initial intake there so I'm confused.
TCL A501DL: thousand watts almost they click
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I don't know if you can hear me. But that was, that was the fourth log off. I don't know that today is going to work. I'm not even sure that this service is going to work for you. So have you investigated somewhere else that you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Comply with
Gwenevere Abriel: Your court order treatment.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I have Wi Fi on my work, I just need to get there. And I can use Wi Fi because I used the Wi Fi yesterday to call it bright heart hell.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what is this thing my appointment is not until nine. What does that mean,
TCL A501DL: We're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I sent the wrong I sent a message for zoom and send it to someone else. He's like, why
Gwenevere Abriel: No, he okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: When you originally did your, your lock in. And you registered for bright heart. My understanding was you are with your PO
TCL A501DL: Yeah, Monica. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what I'm talking about that.
TCL A501DL: Goes like I was saying before you got
TCL A501DL: Cut off or whatever and on the course the clothes don't follow most because of the coronavirus
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is a unique time. So, and, in fact, there are more people using Tele health and zone than ever before.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it would be good if you could create
Gwenevere Abriel: A really clear confident plan around keeping data on your phone. So where is your. Where are you making sure you're allocating money to keep data on there. That sounds like a first step.
TCL A501DL: cash in hand at all times.
TCL A501DL: I need to go buy
TCL A501DL: A data package.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you get that
TCL A501DL: Smith. It's a prepaid card prepaid card cuz I bought one of those $20 burner phone
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: When you get low on data. Is that what we're seeing a symptom of it kind of flaking out and logging out
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. I mean, I'm not, I'm not an IT person but Dr. Maria was saying she was having a challenge once with you as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're probably I would say one of your first pieces of responsibility is going to be to make sure that you have that data package from Smith's paid it sounds like that's like one of the that's the equivalent of having gas in your car to make sure you get all the way to the office.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, like I was saying, a good on my work and workplace in us, the wife and my workplace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's a different solution because now if you're saying you can get to. So, for example,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not there. Now, I don't know how many miles away. That is, are you going to be able to get up early enough to get there in time to use the Wi Fi.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, but
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
TCL A501DL: I would be able to just Today was my day off.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. So that part is
Gwenevere Abriel: Not cards up to you to sort of say, I need to make sure that I have a good connection. Just think of it as having gas in your car that part. You've got to do otherwise you can't get there.
TCL A501DL: Alright, I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool. I can't do anything about that piece. All I can do is say, hey, he didn't show up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, so, um, now I can be helpful in that way. Um, do you have any problems. Would you say happy as anyone in your family or maybe you've noticed yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any challenges with short term memory, like, Oh man, I can't believe they just told me that. And I forgot. Like are you noticing any challenges with short term memory.
TCL A501DL: Sometimes just depends on how much I pay attention to stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how much. All right. So right now, let's will let me see what how much looks like. So zero to 10 how much you paying attention right now.
TCL A501DL: Got a six or seven waking up to
Gwenevere Abriel: Six or seven. All right, so maybe what we could do, since it's not a at
Gwenevere Abriel: Not at an eight, nine or 10 and there may have some implications for your, you know, your commitment here to this program, maybe grab a piece of paper and this way it'll help since you said your attention might be low. Or maybe you could just write it down to want to grab paper.
TCL A501DL: Oh yeah, I have a paper and pen right here next to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, why did you write
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you write
TCL A501DL: For the
TCL A501DL: For what, oh you're for them data Packard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What can you write to be a reminder. Just keep it really simple, just to do like do this, something action that you can do because your next service, you're going to have to have it done easily by Sunday or Monday.
TCL A501DL: Oh, I just put need data or Wi Fi. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's no you don't want to put a deadline, because most people they need a deadline. Otherwise they'll push it to the last minute and doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: On Monday night might be too late. What if it because we've got a lot going on stores close. What if Smith closes, you might want to get ahead of it. So maybe give yourself a deadline of maybe Sunday night or Monday on a lunch break or something. What do you think
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I'll put it for Saturday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even better. That gives you lots of wiggle room.
TCL A501DL: Good stuff done. The simpler. It is
Gwenevere Abriel: I know right now. How many minutes. How many minutes away is work for you.
TCL A501DL: Know I'm
TCL A501DL: Like maybe 1015 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's that's kind of a nice thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you let's say on Tuesday morning if you do run into a problem you have time to drive over to work, get on their Wi Fi and still login to group. Okay.
TCL A501DL: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, but that's on you and I know it's kind of an inconvenience thing, but once you get this figured out, it's going to feel a lot more comfortable.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, no, I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, cool. Now it's not ideal. Yes. I wish I could see you and that would be really great. But we're, you know, I'm kind of working with you this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: So far, we haven't had a fifth. I don't think log out. So we're doing okay with with the production with the video.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to do is login to know
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, I write blink, then you
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me do before you disappear on me, there's another, there's 2020 questions. It's a
Gwenevere Abriel: It's sort of a survey to assess kind of the symptoms of maybe some PTSD, that might still be around. I kind of like this one. It only takes a couple minutes. Can I share my screen with you and you can be like, Oh, yeah.
TCL A501DL: It's about this.
Gwenevere Abriel: one or that one. Yeah, it kind of gives me an idea of, of what it's like kind of be in you. These days, so it's on a scale.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you'll do is you'll take a list. Look at these one through 20 and you can put it
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like art scale. So you can say, not at all. And I'll put zero next to it. The question or or you could put one for a little bit. Your response might be moderately or quite a bit is a three are extremely is a four.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, these questions are these, these are a list of problems that people sometimes have in response to a very stressful experience. Please read each problem carefully and then you won't be circling you'll just tell me what the number is. And I'll write it down.
TCL A501DL: All right, it's it's loading right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I should be sharing my screen. Can you see it.
TCL A501DL: Oh, no, no. Yeah, it's loading. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you think if you swipe your finger. Well, you said the data. I don't know what
TCL A501DL: The Father, it is
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, alright, cool, cool, cool. Alright, so let's let's start with the first one to see how this goes. So I'll read the all doing the full question way and then you'll get the groove of it and you won't need me to keep kind of mentioning the like art scale. But let's do one of them together.
TCL A501DL: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: In the last
Gwenevere Abriel: 30 days. All right. That's what this is. It's the last 30 days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you had repeated disturbing and unwanted memories of the stressful experience. And so you might say, not at all a little bit moderately quite a bit or extremely
TCL A501DL: Not at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Repeated disturbing dreams of a stressful experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Suddenly feeling or acting as if the stressful experience were actually happening again.
TCL A501DL: Not at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: feeling very upset when something reminded you of the stressful experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Having strong physical reactions when something reminded you of this stressful experience heart pounding trouble breathing sweating.
TCL A501DL: Whoa.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Nah, man.
TCL A501DL: Who didn't sit, though.
Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: So, number five, having strong physical reactions when something reminded you of the stressful experience.
TCL A501DL: Not at all. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I you know how they're saying stressful. They're talking about any kind of traumatic event that's what they're referring to. Okay.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
TCL A501DL: I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Avoiding memories, thoughts or feelings related to the stressful experience.
TCL A501DL: Or not. Oh, OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: And avoiding external reminders of the stressful experience. For example, people places conversations activities objects or situations. So, avoiding those external reminders.
TCL A501DL: Vital
Gwenevere Abriel: trouble remembering important parts of the stressful experience.
TCL A501DL: Not at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Having strong way of having strong negative beliefs about yourself. Other people or the world.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is for example having thoughts, such as I am bad. There's something seriously wrong with me. No one can be trusted. The world is completely dangerous.
TCL A501DL: A little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's one. This one blaming yourself or someone else for the stressful.
Experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or for what happened after it.
TCL A501DL: Not at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Having strong negative feelings, such as fear or anger guilt or shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: Loss of interest in activities that you used to enjoy.
TCL A501DL: Not at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: feeling distant or cut off from other people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Travel experiencing positive feelings. For example, being unable to feel happiness or having loving feelings for people close to you.
TCL A501DL: Not at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Irritable behavior angry outbursts or acting aggressively.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, taking too many risks or doing things that could cause you harm.
TCL A501DL: Not at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Super alert or watchful or on guard.
TCL A501DL: A little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't think okay and feeling jumpy or easily startled.
TCL A501DL: A little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Having difficulty concentrating
TCL A501DL: Not at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: And last one trouble falling or staying asleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, you do this, grab this guy. Nicely done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put this in our notes for today.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you have planned for today. What's it look like feel
TCL A501DL: After this I gotta go check in with my tribal probation officer down here and then after that, I'm pretty sure I'm gonna be working around the house with my dad. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's his perspective on on this current probation status. How is he like when he talks with you, you know, how's that dynamic because I have no idea what the dynamics are with your family.
TCL A501DL: You just told me to get my shit done and be willing to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Is like, I don't want to hear about it just yet, though, you're supposed to
TCL A501DL: Yeah, basically.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's the first one.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess it's talking about dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Honestly,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's see, we
Gwenevere Abriel: Did he ever
Gwenevere Abriel: Go through anything like what you're going through.
TCL A501DL: Kobe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, just just are, you know, kind of bumping into, you know, an arrest with you know with with alcohol use, or anything like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, he did grow up in the 70s, so
TCL A501DL: Not really, because the cops weren't as much as as old as they are nowadays, but one time he did get into a bar. Brawl crusade, he spent the night in in in the drunk tank that's about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But he never had to do any kind of pre trial release thing that like what you're doing. No.
Okay.
TCL A501DL: Just a sense of humor. Do you guys found a kind of
TCL A501DL: Like going the way you and I are kind
Gwenevere Abriel: Of kind of light hearted about it. Do you have that with him, too. Yeah, I mean him both it a
Lot.
TCL A501DL: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keeping it light. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and the
Gwenevere Abriel: The belief system. I'm assuming it's from from native
Gwenevere Abriel: Beliefs around pills like taking taking a medicine. Is that where that belief system comes from, or is it primarily from a, from a grandparent or maybe just from mom, or just from dad. Do you know where that belief system comes from
Alright. Hit your mute button so I can hear you.
TCL A501DL: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, did you hear my long winded question. Oh, yeah, where they if the Native American part police's
TCL A501DL: The pills and stuff like that. Well, not only
Gwenevere Abriel: Way I want to make sure I'm let's change that word places.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a belief system right
Gwenevere Abriel: And I didn't know if that just came from you, you kind of develop that on your own. Or maybe you absorbed it
Gwenevere Abriel: From a particular parent or from from native philosophy. Oh.
TCL A501DL: No, I kind of developed a theory myself well that philosophy of my own on my own.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought I read something about that. Your mom didn't like them either.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, my mom doesn't like them but she's been she's taking pills for her blood pressure and stuff like that and so on and so on. But she more or less needs it needs them. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember when that police got developed for you.
TCL A501DL: Since I was a kid, I didn't like taking the pills that they were giving me
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it for
Gwenevere Abriel: Nightmares, was it for Attention Deficit Disorder. What were they trying to treat you with
TCL A501DL: ADHD. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but you know pill is a general word, the same way. Food is a general word. We're not a fan of steamed brussels sprouts. I gotta tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: Make the whole house smell like wet socks.
TCL A501DL: Yeah. I understand that. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm waiting for somebody to tell me. No, no, no. You garlic um you roast them and you do this to him. I might, you know, it's been maybe 40 years I might give it another try. But someone's got a really busy, but I don't stop eating vegetables.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see my analogy. Yeah. No, I understand.
TCL A501DL: It's just, I don't know. I don't like I didn't like the pills that they're giving me
TCL A501DL: To take them. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Makes sense. I'm glad you you let let them know, hey, these aren't working for me for some people. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you really have the condition the stimulant should slow you down not not make you a zombie. Then you're over medicated. Do you remember what it made you feel like
TCL A501DL: I'm
TCL A501DL: Kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: How
TCL A501DL: It may be more edgy and along good there'd be some days where I'll be completely tired and couldn't get up will couldn't function in school cop really
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were taking those medications on time. You were you couldn't you couldn't function, you were sleepy.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
TCL A501DL: That's interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember for your Mom, stop giving them to you over the weekends parents do that.
TCL A501DL: No, I just kind of stopped taking them on my own.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were like, six, seven. Hello. Are you right then.
TCL A501DL: Then I was probably about eight or nine
Gwenevere Abriel: And did your parents have anything to say about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they kept telling me take them, but I
TCL A501DL: Was like, yeah, no, I'm good, all pass. I don't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember working to address, whatever those symptoms are in a different way so that you know you could not get in trouble with the teacher and you know like pass your classes, you remember making an adjustment like on your own.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I just stopped taking them.
TCL A501DL: Like I said,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but I not forget about the pill. So I'm asking you behaviorally
Gwenevere Abriel: What you did to adjust your behavior so that you didn't get in trouble, right, because if we talk, talk, talk, talk, we're going to get ourselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: A referral. We won't pass our classes can't concentrate. I'm just wondering if you make an adjustment in your behavior on your own to compensate for some of the symptoms of ADHD.
TCL A501DL: Oh yeah, I found know the thing. It will find other ways to keep myself calm and glass and Sophie from being so fit fidgety
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you do
TCL A501DL: I started to like fucking with my pencil and doing stuff with my pencils and pens. Instead, and then also I would start, I would have a piece of paper that doodle on or you're
TCL A501DL: Right down random shit on and sometimes I'd even write my notes on it to every now and then.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have you learned any other kind of cool techniques around having
Gwenevere Abriel: A certain type of music in the background. Have you played with that a little bit. When you're trying us
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Does that work for you. It's almost like trance music, you know, the ones that you can't aren't singing along because it can't have your full attention, but it can be sort of a really predictable. Music
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I always listen to music, no matter what I'm doing. I always have my one of my earbuds in listening to music, even at work. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this concentrated per se. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's pretty consistent with the condition that you're describing
Gwenevere Abriel: It helps to have a particular type of music going on, just in the background. And then you can focus people that don't have what you're describing
Gwenevere Abriel: It's very distracting. So I'm glad you got that. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, let's see. Um, okay. So some of the responses. You do not seem to be experiencing.
Gwenevere Abriel: The stress response from trauma. Does that sound about right like you feel like there's nothing really happening, day to day, that is
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not having panic attacks, you're not having an elevated heart rate, you're not reliving a past traumas that true
TCL A501DL: Yeah, that's true. Yeah, that's what this looks like. That's what these these
Gwenevere Abriel: Questions kind of show it so it doesn't look like you're you're in a traumatic stress disorder response. I know you were you mentioned you are diagnosed with it sometime ago I think when you were younger.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember having some of these symptoms, years and years ago.
TCL A501DL: Um, yeah, some somewhat of a little okay
Gwenevere Abriel: But not but not recently. So it doesn't seem like you're meeting criteria for PTSD at this time. Does that surprise you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But the pieces that you did. Let's see if we can make some use out of some of these questions here. So having strong negative beliefs about yourself. Other people or the world.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what you think of when that question was asked what does it make you think of
TCL A501DL: Or just some of the stupid shit that I've done in been through.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me into what you consider stupid shit.
TCL A501DL: Argument here at home.
TCL A501DL: Being in jail.
TCL A501DL: Being arrested.
TCL A501DL: Dealing with cops dealing with the judges dealing with IPOs
TCL A501DL: Dealing with stupid people
TCL A501DL: Okay, sometimes putting myself in a risky situation that I could have completely avoided from the beginning, but I decided not to. Because I knew is gonna be risky. So I was like fuck it full said. Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Do you know what, but you did a way, kind of thing.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that was another one that you actually had said a little bit to let me see.
This one around that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think we only had one of the world's completely dangerous.
Gwenevere Abriel: The one. The other one you put a one two was
Gwenevere Abriel: I find that one where you put yourself in risky situations. I don't see that one in here anymore.
So I remember asking it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
TCL A501DL: Hey, I got a quick question.
TCL A501DL: Uh huh. So the schedule is like, sorry. I was just looking at my notes on so the schedule is on Thursdays. I meet with you now in the morning at eight o'clock every Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: For a little while. And so we figure out what's next for you. Yeah. All right.
TCL A501DL: And then the groups are there on Tuesday at what time
TCL A501DL: Seven.
TCL A501DL: Okay, I'll just double checking because I didn't want to miss this one. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one you'll you know you're gonna have to set that alarm in your phone pretty early.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You do seem to have some insight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you noticed that the problem is for you and your assessment of yourself that
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a challenge around
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of, you know, the word inhibit
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So do you have a challenge in inhibiting a first impulse like
Gwenevere Abriel: Screw you.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
TCL A501DL: I'm bad at the lady tells me something I don't like to hear it straight up. Tell him as it is like, fuck you. Go fuck yourself.
TCL A501DL: Somewhere along those lines. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then is that the stuff you were talking about earlier, when you said
Gwenevere Abriel: Makes me think of the fights being in jail dealing with cops judges stupid people putting myself a risky situations. Is that what you're talking about, like,
TCL A501DL: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we call this when you speak, your first thought. Can we just call that
Gwenevere Abriel: Poor impulse control. Can we label it that that feel true
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you know that lines up. That makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you know much about the brains, you know, we're part of the brain is responsible for inhibiting screw all y'all statements.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even though we're saying right
TCL A501DL: Oh,
TCL A501DL: No, not really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really. Okay. Well, this is cool. Then, so there's a part of the brain actually that does that. So watch this. It's pretty neat. Um, and, and, unfortunately, that part of the brain called the prefrontal cortex won't be fully online until you're
Gwenevere Abriel: 21 oh you wish.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: For men, unfortunately, it takes you guys an extra couple years beyond women, it's going to be 2728
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: I know for women. It's about 25 it's about 2426 it's right. Obviously it's humans. So it's not precise, but it's right in there. That's when we
Gwenevere Abriel: Are the gals have done growing all the brain areas that they're going to they're still neural plasticity, which means we can learn new things and make change. And we can evolve and grow. But as far as like the parts of of the brain called the prefrontal cortex.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be a while and I have you ever heard anybody say executive functioning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, that's the part of the brain that's responsible for it. So this is the cool thing. You might recognize yourself in this
Gwenevere Abriel: So executive functioning. Does, does a lot of cool things is our most evolved part of our brain. In other words, like I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not chilly been here see
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's fantastic. He has a lot of the same
Gwenevere Abriel: parts of the brain that I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Except up here in the front.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't have a really big executive functioning brain, which means if he sees
Gwenevere Abriel: He sees a big chunk of chicken in front of him.
TCL A501DL: He's gonna take it.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: He's gonna take it right now. What he can't do is he can't both wants a chicken now and be thinking later.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to. I need to save room for some dessert for some beef jerky later on today so he can't both be thinking about the present and be thinking about the future. He just wants what he wants right now.
Yeah.
TCL A501DL: No, I understand that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm you and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Developed our grains very similarly. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: In general, right, though, that stays on time. We all sort of develop it, male and female, about the same time. So somewhere between 2527 28 right in there. We're pretty much done by then. But that last part is the last to come online.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now for you guys. The ones that identify with the ADHD condition or the symptoms of it anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not a big fan of labels so I don't really like to say it. He is the thing I just talked about the symptoms. So typically, there's about a two to three year lag. So, you know, you're kind of logically about night you're 19 right
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that would put you at impulse control and attention challenges at about 16
Gwenevere Abriel: So in some ways.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our culture, our community might work better for you if we treated you in your ability to pay attention to something and follow through and and inhibit impulse control as if you were about a 16 year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: In that part of the brain, but we don't we hold you accountable to be what a full adult because you're 18 right, yo.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's kind of messed up.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that that's just you know this this information isn't disseminated to everyone so. So notice how earlier today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was very concrete. I was like, write it down. I mean, I say it in a nice way. I'm like, Hey, you know, maybe you want to get a paper. And did you write it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's because I believe you. I believe you really may have a challenge in in attention being able to focus decide, oh I just need to focus on this one thread one thing. What, what, what kind of you're saying, and the importance of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the ability to not say Fuck you.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, no, I understand that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I know that and I accept that. So you're going to hear me do things that are very concrete like in a text I might say, make sure you schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: An alarm for 630 or 645 I might not do that for someone that doesn't self identify having the same attention and impulse challenges. Does that seem fair
TCL A501DL: Yeah, that's fine. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you ever get offended by it, then just let me know as polite as you can.
TCL A501DL: On, I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so I think we're on the same page so far. And I think, I think the key is to acknowledge it in yourself, Hey, this is just where I'm at. This is a neurological
Gwenevere Abriel: Challenge. You didn't ask for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some pieces of it have to do with genetics. Some of it has to do with what was going on in utero with your mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: And some of its just a mystery, but there it is. This is what we've got. So we've got to find a way to use resources in our environment to support your goals. Okay, phones are great alarms are great telling people, Hey, don't take it personally.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might forget some things here and there, I welcome reminders from you, you know, like doing those kinds of things.
TCL A501DL: No one has done that my answer. I
TCL A501DL: Just want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Get out and play with, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any pets.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I have two dogs. Well, yeah, I have two dogs. I'm taking care of one's mine and one's a
TCL A501DL: Ones have friends dog died, he kind of brought over to my house to my mother's house, a while back and kind of forgot to pick her up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no, we don't forget to pick up our dog with teaches you just got dumped on
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I basically did. So I've been taken care of both of them.
TCL A501DL: Well, it's fine. They sisters. Anyways, they came from the same lady.
TCL A501DL: That's kind of nice. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm assuming they're not tiny little, little Chihuahuas and they like Rottweilers or something. What you got over there.
TCL A501DL: On their German German Shepherd husky mix us
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and fuzzy
TCL A501DL: Oh yeah, we've had, I've had the well I've had my dog since she was about
TCL A501DL: Two weeks old. I guess the muddy was hit by a car or something so that they were kind of the people that had them were kind of just wanting to get rid of them.
TCL A501DL: So me and a couple of my friends went down and what we picked up like basically the whole family. I ended up with Saskia which is my dog.
TCL A501DL: She's the oldest one in the biggest one. Then there is being which is my homies dog that he dropped off that I'm also taking care of
TCL A501DL: And she she's kind of about the same size as ASCII, but they're both like the older ones are the letter. And then there's Nikki, which is another homie his dog and she's a runt of the litter.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: This other piece that you mentioned.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had a one on which had to do with feeling super alert.
Gwenevere Abriel: watchful or on guard. Now, those are the words of this particular inventory. What does that
Gwenevere Abriel: Translate in your life to like do you feel super alert at home when you're about to leave on a freeway at work when a particular type of persons around you, like, when do you notice being super alert.
TCL A501DL: Usually when I'm in Los Alamos, or sometimes when I'm at work when the fucking bombs and shit come around because usually they tried to steal it was still our tools. And the short answer is I don't know. I've always been the hyper vigilant. Pretty sure
TCL A501DL: It's kind of grew up that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't mention anything about your heart rate pounding or trouble breathing or sweating.
TCL A501DL: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: The hyper vigilant is just something in. It's just a thought.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, it's just in my mind.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you hear other people that are aware of the bomb.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or someone that might steal. Does it seem like you're thinking about things about the same as everybody else are you do you feel different. I
TCL A501DL: Know, most of time, we're all thinking about this word. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And watch full or on guard. What about in other areas. Super alert hyper vigilant, you said, I've always been this way.
Yeah.
TCL A501DL: But
Gwenevere Abriel: So you haven't always driven to Los Alamos because you weren't able to drive. So where else has shown up
TCL A501DL: Oh,
TCL A501DL: Ernie anytime I leave my house per se in public always got to be looking around.
TCL A501DL: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you're about to leave the house you're looking around and you look and you see no one's there. So you've assessed danger and there's no danger. Right.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So then you get in the car, and you drive does it. Are you still on guard even driving to your wherever you're going
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you gave it a one.
Gwenevere Abriel: As in
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's occurring, a little bit.
Right.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think that's still true. Since it's always existed. And it's happening for how many minutes during a day or hours.
TCL A501DL: Usually most, most of the day. I mean, it's just like I said how I came up
TCL A501DL: I mean, to me it's just another part of life I rather be prepared for whatever is coming, instead of not being very
TCL A501DL: Rather see it coming soon being blindsided
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice to be prepared, isn't it.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What favorites to prepare, doesn't it.
Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has it ever affected a conversation or a relationship this hyper vigilance you describe that's always been there.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you'd like this part of you.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I change it. Okay.
TCL A501DL: No, I don't want to change it. I like it. I don't mind doing that, especially for my
TCL A501DL: Future that I want to go into Marine Corps or being a Navy EOD tech calling out to be on the lookout and keep an eye on things and people and possible that's that might come up out of nowhere.
TCL A501DL: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll call it a skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want
This skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: Vigilance
TCL A501DL: Because, like, even when I'm hanging on friends and stuff. I'm always on the lookout and shit like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they appreciate that about you.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the feeling jumpy or easily startled. Tell me more about that one.
TCL A501DL: Um,
TCL A501DL: Oh no, I don't like whoa I like surprises. Just depends on the surprise I don't like being startled per se because
TCL A501DL: I know there's like whenever somebody creeps up on me. I don't like it because then I turn it around like in a fighting mode because I turn around with my hand, are you calling back or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's you're describing it like when you're creeped up on you didn't know that they were getting close to you.
TCL A501DL: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn around and you're in a fighting mode.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has it ever resulted where someone was just sneaking up to say Boo and say what's up man and you ended up
Gwenevere Abriel: Physically kind of assaulting one another like physical contact when all that was needed was a yell, or scream.
TCL A501DL: Oh, no, no, no. Because usually, once I turned around. I figured I could identify who it is right away. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you're like, then what do you say to the person
TCL A501DL: I just started laughing I'm like damn it, don't do that.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you want to keep that skill.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Yeah, that's self preservation isn't we need can't do anything about that initial response. Anyway, that's intuition. Right. That's the limbic system, keeping you alive and knows right away. It perceives a threat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly yeah perceives the threat, but a perception of a threats, not the same thing as what
TCL A501DL: Danger. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what what was was your ears. Your, I don't know, Spidey vibe.
Gwenevere Abriel: consents. Right. You hear this loud sound or someone grabbed your shoulders from behind and there's a perceived threat.
TCL A501DL: It's before
Gwenevere Abriel: You even have words for you turn around and you assess the actual danger, you see a friendly face and it's over.
Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. Are there ever times where you're perceiving threat.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there really was no danger and it kept you from functioning the way you wanted to
TCL A501DL: Uh, no, not really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about the not really part
TCL A501DL: There was some super paranoid being in Los Alamos, which I get paranoid a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think about around what why not city.
TCL A501DL: Or because been the only places I've ever looked over my shoulder so goddamn much is in that town, and that's the only town that I've been fucked over by the cops so many times does only town that the cops have a boner for me. And that's the only time
TCL A501DL: That it usually goes bad, is when I'm in that town.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, are you doing anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you would be embarrassed or feel guilty about doing in front of your maybe your parents in Los Alamos
Know,
TCL A501DL: That town. I do not like and the town is not like me and a lot of us are like that only one we're in that down to
TCL A501DL: It just the vibe of the town is completely off.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what city are you in now.
TCL A501DL: I'm at home is fine. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, what's the vibe there.
TCL A501DL: Terry, fine. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you spell spine. Yeah.
TCL A501DL: It's, uh, he was actually Espanola but he is. Hold on, I gotta write it down to be able to figure it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. Okay, so you pronounce it bola
TCL A501DL: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And no okay let's put up yeah I'm familiar with that one.
TCL A501DL: There it is. P. N. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's cherry, meaning it's, it's fine, fine.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so there's no no getting a job in Los Alamos for you.
TCL A501DL: I used to have a job up there.
TCL A501DL: Yeah I soon. Um, I used to work at the McDonalds in Los Alamos, and then also me and close friend of mine. We used to be the managers of a restaurant up there. And then I also used to work in a shop a two.
TCL A501DL: Day. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it like one place nearby that offers some employment is that where you ended up there.
TCL A501DL: Yeah. And then I found a job down here, which made me happy. And I'm still at that job to this day.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so I'm looking at when you very first met with me and it's a challenging assessment. I mean, it's just like all those questions, but you were able to identify a couple of goals that you want. And one of them is I want to join the Navy or the Marines.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's if you're open to it. Let's spend a little bit of time both talking about what's going to help you get there and what might get in the way. Can we do that.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, cool. So first think about
Gwenevere Abriel: The things that you already have, you know, your assets and things that you already have that are going to help you reach that goal. What do you already have. So what are the pros.
TCL A501DL: pros are probation is keeping me clean and sober. So there's no chance of me doing something stupid. That's going to impede my challenges of joining or enlisting
TCL A501DL: And Walden. I've been working now I'm running a meeting right I'm getting more into shape than what I was on
TCL A501DL: My whole life. I'm like I said, my mind's always hyper vigilant. So I've been mentally preparing for okay
TCL A501DL: Been walls walls in custody in jail on studying the house fab. I'm still studying does FAB to
Gwenevere Abriel: Ha, what
The as
TCL A501DL: A
TCL A501DL: As a, as a baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you've been studying that is that
TCL A501DL: It's the it's a test to join.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. So it'd be like a dare for for like master's degree that I might be studying for
TCL A501DL: Yeah, basically. Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it. Okay. And how um
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you feel about studying now. Do you like I can do this. Is it promising exciting.
TCL A501DL: Motivated. Yeah, yeah. Most for the most part on I'm pretty damn sure. I got it is just except when it comes to the math section. I'm like, fuck. I hate math and math was never my strong. So you're not even in school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is anyone in
Gwenevere Abriel: Your community kind of. Have you noticed, they're really good at it.
TCL A501DL: No suddenly no
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude, you gotta now. Now you know how once you say
Gwenevere Abriel: OH, I HATE GREEN AND Palace, all of a sudden green and pals are everywhere.
TCL A501DL: I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, let's put out
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking for a math genius. Right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Straight kind of weave it into conversation, put it out there in the universe and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I mean, let's see if you can run across one, um, you know, whether it's even sometimes community colleges can offer me think about what's going on the crisis right now and on our planet.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be kind of cheap tutoring haha
Gwenevere Abriel: So, yeah.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, no, I understand. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So keep that in mind. You're not alone. I mean, some people are
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of social creatures. I know for me, I'm a people person. You really don't want me reviewing your, your statistics report that that's a bad idea.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can tell you whether you you know
Gwenevere Abriel: You put your name in there. The right way and I can look at structure and format, but you don't want me crunch the numbers for you.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, no, I understand that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So keep your eye out. Right. The more we talk about it, the more it manifests
TCL A501DL: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep that going go all right now.
TCL A501DL: You saw asking the universe shall provide
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, yeah, we got to be tricky for what we asked for. Right. You're like, you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Structure and accountability. You got yourself some probation.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did it the hard way, man.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, tell me about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, there are other ways to do it, maybe, you know, over time, you and I can explore some of those things. But you've got you've got a good
Gwenevere Abriel: A positive attitude about how to reframe something positive make something, you know, sunny and shiny out of something kind of dismal. You know, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah alright so what we've got so far the pros are the positive attributes of yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: First of all, you have a good positive attitude. You're making the most out of this opportunity for
Gwenevere Abriel: Accountability around your sobriety. You have to answer to your PO, it's going to help you stay clean you are working out you're running you're eating right, my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is hyper vigilant, you'd like that skill we talked about in the front end of this session, and you're mentally preparing for it and you've been studying the as the AP
TCL A501DL: Yeah, that's fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: As that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, what else, what else
Gwenevere Abriel: Do we have going for you as far as looking ahead and thinking, what do I need to do to get into admission for one or both.
TCL A501DL: Oh what before I got got arrested. I was talking to a Marine Recruiter okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was he saying
TCL A501DL: He's telling me basically keep all at the time he was just telling me to quit my ship whatever shenanigans. I might impede my list, along with us was telling me to complete my probation do what I gotta do. So then I could join
Gwenevere Abriel: And he knew you run provision at the time.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I told him. Oh, I had to tell him.
Gwenevere Abriel: But he didn't say that was gonna be disqualifying
TCL A501DL: No. Okay. Just, just during the time that I'm now on probation. I can't join because this qualifies me but once a month probation and the judge dismissed or seals my case with the prestigious prejudice down. I'm good.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, is there anything more on the pro positive side before we go to what some challenges and barriers might be for you.
TCL A501DL: Not that I could think of right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want me to put the math is difficult over on that. It's a challenge side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So I'll put challenges as
Gwenevere Abriel: Difficult. Now how difficult when you were in high school. Were you able to pass those classes where you had to skip a new kind of got some decent
TCL A501DL: Um, I was barely able to pass some of those math classes when I was in high school. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you know do you know, see this is an interesting thing. Sometimes it's not that we can't do the equation. So it's so precise, it might have had had something to do with attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: And impulse control member those things we were talking about earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes we do it, but we're we weren't allowed to have the music on in class and we didn't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Focus on that math problem for another 20 seconds or 30 seconds we you could me. I don't know. This was I wasn't there, but I just wonder if you could do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you knew that you could like, I wish to have classrooms for like this, you looked at it, you looked at it just once, and then you walked away. You did something else for
Gwenevere Abriel: Like two minutes you came back to it and you crunch the number. Once you you look at it again and then you went and did some jumping jacks or whatever you played and then you came back to it and then you went out at that problem again.
Gwenevere Abriel: For for you. That might be an approach that we might play with
Or
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know that it's a learning or in a stored knowledge issue, you have a great grasp on vocabulary and
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, I don't know that it's that you can't do the math, it might just be an issue of being able to focus your attention on that when it's a lot more enjoyable to look out the window and to doodle, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's with them. We got to come back to that math problem. We just got to give ourselves permission to look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And take a break and come back to it. Focus on it. Take a break, come back to it, but not give up on it. It's got it. We've got to be able to give ourselves permission to have
Gwenevere Abriel: To turn our attention, you know, whether it's the doodle and or jumping jacks or something and coming back to the problem. I'd be curious to see do you um
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know this one cost money. It's called Xcel learning. Where is an online program that like gives you math problems and teaches you how to do the math, like you do it online. Have you ever app. It's free for Mac.
TCL A501DL: No, I haven't really spent that much time looking for, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why, like, what if we start with that.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. What is it, what is there's a free event there is like a free. What if we do that for the next task research.
Gwenevere Abriel: Free or affordable. I mean, I don't know how much they are. How about with free slash affordable.
Gwenevere Abriel: As app for
Math tutoring.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, I mean,
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I know what you mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you know what else there's
Gwenevere Abriel: Virtual School you ever played with that idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Yeah. So some of the kids out here will let's say they do poorly in class or their life is just completely chaotic and unmanageable. And they can't make their way to school, they, they take high school courses in college courses online.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's really neat. And I mean, everybody's on board with it. The sometimes it's a combination. You'll have a high school, high school
Gwenevere Abriel: guidance counselor will be like, Yeah, okay, that's fine. Go ahead. Go for it. They say an iPhone it they take the class and then they're, they're also a lot easier. That's the truth. And then they get A's and their GPA goes way up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because they count equal to a regular in person brick and mortar class. So that's another idea. See if there's something also in your community and you have any kind of community college or church that might offer tutoring. What are your thoughts there.
TCL A501DL: Are the trial.
Gwenevere Abriel: come in through the, through native
TCL A501DL: Possibly through travel, but there is also the community college here that I went to, for a little bit. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to anything. There's some kids in there straight up trying to make a few dollars, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so so through community college. And I'll say, possibly
Gwenevere Abriel: tribal community. Now, if I say something that's wrong or off, please feel free to correct me. So I say it in a correct way right
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what are some other challenges that you're going to be facing
TCL A501DL: Probation
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. When's that gonna
November.
Gwenevere Abriel: December 2020 probation ends now probation is just a word floating around just like banana peel don't actually have any meaning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unless you tell me what it is. So what's actually what's the real barrier with probation, what's the challenge about being on probation.
TCL A501DL: It's tedious and it's a hassle. Some most of the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like being here today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hope you're laughing at me to get my joke.
TCL A501DL: No idea. I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't even get the laugh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen, I keep telling the same joke until I get the laugh I need, so you might as well get it over with. Now,
TCL A501DL: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I said, I said like being here now tedious and a hassle.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, more or less.
TCL A501DL: Said, except this is a little bit easier.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a lot easier than schlepping somewhere. That's why, that's why. First thing on your list on your piece of paper in front of you is day
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. That's no joke like gas in the car. Gotta have it, your boss don't care marine need, you know, Navy, then we hear you. We got it, we got to make sure we have those basic fundamental we've got asleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got to eat. We got take care of our body so that we're ready. Because you are the resource this body right that's what you are to the Marine Corps. That's what you are in the Navy. You've got to take care of this body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right. Okay, you already know that I can already hear it, you're eating right, you're running you're keeping yourself fit very smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's tedious and I will. So because there's so much detail. I think that's what you mean by tedious, meaning you have to be on time.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when attention and impulse control are the challenge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you using everything you can with this. Now you've got a burner phone. I don't know. I don't know what kind of phone is it, is it still a data phone, though.
TCL A501DL: Yeah. Data phone right
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it have all the alarms on it that you need.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be your best friend.
TCL A501DL: Has been
Gwenevere Abriel: A practice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're going to probably do some work with that to really use it even more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so to see if we can afford getting you on visual for just a moment, as we kind of come to a close here today. Let me see if you and I can at least make a little bit I contact
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me what today was like for you.
TCL A501DL: It was good.
TCL A501DL: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was important for you that you're coming away with today.
TCL A501DL: A more or less all the planning and stuff, how it's gonna go made me feel a lot better than this. It's gonna be easier it's going to go by you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So knowing what its gonna look like helps
TCL A501DL: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And how are we are we are we at clicking. Are we gonna. Are we good
Gwenevere Abriel: summer holidays go
TCL A501DL: Yeah, we're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. I thought so too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the main thing has to do, I just want to say one
Gwenevere Abriel: One challenge in here is going to have to do with this data because you won't benefit from
Gwenevere Abriel: The psychotherapy part, you don't get the ability to stay on video where you can actually have a really nice smooth flow and hear what I'm saying in real time and I can hear you, in real time, what you got.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you got today was more like a PO more like a counselor, not a therapist. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't transfer. Mm.
Hmm, yeah.